Add default operation mode for mqtt climate (#27716)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/climate.mqtt.markdown

If a property works in *optimistic mode* (when the corresponding state topic is not set), Home Assistant will assume that any state changes published to the command topics did work and change the internal state of the entity immediately after publishing to the command topic. If it does not work in optimistic mode, the internal state of the entity is only updated when the requested update is confirmed by the device through the state topic. You can enforce optimistic mode by setting the `optimistic` option to `true`. When set, the internal state will always be updated, even when a state topic is defined.

## Default operation mode

> The default operation mode is the mode that is set when the climate is turned on using the `climate.turn_on` service. In that case no operation mode is massed to the service. This functionality relies on the climate reporting this mode on `default_state_topic`. If this is not set, in pessimistic mode the fist supported mode (configured in `modes`) in in `['heat_cool', 'heat', 'cool']` will be used. In optimistic mode, if `default_state_topic` is not set, the default operation mode is the last active mode set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default operation mode is the mode that is set when the climate is turned on using the `climate.turn_on` service. In that case, no operation mode is passed to the service. This functionality relies on the climate reporting this mode on `default_state_topic`. If this is not set, in pessimistic mode, the first supported mode (configured in `modes`) in in `['heat_cool', 'heat', 'cool']` will be used. If `default_state_topic` is not set in optimistic mode, the default operation mode is the last active mode set.
```
